# UXKit

UXKit is a fork of the THree20 iPhone OS Objective-C library.

## Differences with Three20

---

* Project layout and organization.
* BuildKit to provide an overall structure to easily develop iPhone applications, additional libraries and examples.
* Different prefix for clases and categories, UX and UIX.
* UITouch category deleted.
* UIWindow findFirstResponder from Jonathan Saggnu.
* Removal of viewDidUnload call from dealloc in UXViewController (TTViewController).


## Inclusions from other Three20 forks

---

* LauncherViewController from rodmaz with changes and additions from davidmorford.
* SegmentedToolbar  from rodmaz.
* CalendarViewController cluster from klaluza.
* Numerous bug fixes from other forks. Attribution has been included as much possible. If I've missed you, send a message so proper credit can be added.


## New Features

---

* Input Panel Controller based on Popup


## Planned Changed and Features In Development

---

* Complete Model/ModelController refactor.
* New UITableView model and view controller cluster with editing, value editors and managed object support/
* CoreData storage and query class cluster.


## BuildKit Usage Notes

---

* UXKit and supporting libraries uses the "BuildKit" infrastructure to share build configurations, managing project layout and builds and facilitate sharing of libraries.

* BuildKit uses the latest iPhone OS SDK and sets the iPhone OS Deployment Target. Please be aware of the implications of this and how to implement compatability checks by using class, method and function symbols.

## Update History

---

### September 2010

- Doh. Push commit to master.

### June 19, 2010

- Update for iOS 4.0 SDK

### December 7, 2009

- Include **StorageKit**, **ControllerKit**, [**TableKit**](http://github.com/davidmorford/TableKit) and a new example project, UXTableCatalog, demonstrating TableKit.

### November 28, 2009

- Synced with Facebook Three20 commit [November 28, 2009 (1e56a91)](http://github.com/facebook/three20/commit/1e56a91a4c67d6fde109f398544d533bc7191160)

### October 26, 2009

- Synced with commit [October 26, 2009 (8183ae2)](http://github.com/joehewitt/three20/commit/8183ae25528bbc575ab41a41227756f06c166240)


## UXKit Google Group

---

http://groups.google.com/group/uxkit


## Three20 License

---

Copyright 2008 Joe Hewitt
 
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at
 
   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

## UXKit License

---

Copyright 2009 Semantap
 
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at
 
   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
